Aev/mfa update (#438)
hpcleuven/VscDocumentation: source/access/mfa_login.rst

  .. _reauthenticate_phone:
  .. figure:: mfa_login/reauthenticate_phone.PNG
     :alt: reauthenticate_phone

  This step may not be necessary when connecting from a white-listed IP address,
  like the internal networks of the Flemish universities, using a static on-site
  IP as well as the institutional VPN.
  For example, if you have already logged upfront into your institution's network
  then you might not be required to log in again depending on your browser
  session settings (e.g., accepted cookies).

- Once you are successfully authenticated, you end up on a page telling you that your VSC 
  identity is confirmed.
  If you have already performed the previous login in that browser session, you will 
  immediately end up on this page:

  .. _firewall_confirmed:
  .. figure:: mfa_login/firewall_confirmed.PNG
     :alt: firewall_confirmed

- Go back to your browser, SSH client or terminal.
  You should now be connected to a login node on the cluster or to the OnDemand web portal,
  respectively.
  In plain SSH connections a successful login is rewarded with a welcome message:

   .. _login_node:
   .. figure:: mfa_login/login_node.PNG
      :alt: login_node

> 
> That's it! You can continue doing your HPC work as usual.
> 
> .. _mfa-with-ssh-agent:
> 
> Connecting with an SSH agent
> ----------------------------
> 
> SSH agents can store so-called SSH certificates which various client programs
> (PuTTY, MobaXterm, NoMachine, FileZilla, WinSCP, ...) can then use to
> authenticate.
> Getting an SSH certificate also involves MFA but this only needs
> to performed once since a certificate can be used multiple times as long as it
> remains valid.
> Certain clients (such as :ref:`FileZilla <FileZilla>`, ``sshfs`` or
> :ref:`NoMachine <NX start guide>`) furthermore do not show you the firewall
> link needed for the MFA and hence can only function in combination with an SSH
> agent holding an SSH certificate.
> 
> You can acquire such an SSH certificate as follows:
> 
> - Start up your SSH agent.
>   Windows users are recommended to use :ref:`Pageant <using Pageant>`,
>   while Linux and MacOS users can e.g. rely on :ref:`OpenSSH<SSH agent>`.
> 
> - Connect to either the cluster's login node or to ``firewall.vscentrum.be``
>   with your terminal application of choice and with agent forwarding enabled.
>   With e.g. OpenSSH you can do:
> 
>   .. code-block:: bash
> 
>      ssh -A vsc98765@login.hpc.kuleuven.be
>      # or
>      ssh -A vsc98765@firewall.vscentrum.be
> 
>   PuTTY users can find the agent forwarding option under the
>   'Connection -> SSH -> Auth' tab.
>   OpenSSH users may also automatically
>   enable agent forwarding in their :ref:`SSH config file <ssh_config>`.
> 
> - This will provide a link to complete the MFA procedure (similar to the
>   'text-based terminal' part of the previous section).
> 
> - An SSH certificate will now be injected back into the agent.
> 
> The certificate can be used as long as the agent remains alive and the
> certificate itself has not expired (they have a lifetime of 16 hours).
> Do not forget to set up your client so that it contacts your SSH agent
> when opening new connections (thereby making use of the certificates).
> For a few common clients the corresponding documentation pages are listed
> below.
> 
> =========================================== ==================== =====================
> SSH Client name                             Purpose              Operating System
> =========================================== ==================== =====================
> :ref:`PuTTY <text mode access using PuTTY>` text-based terminal  Windows
> :ref:`MobaXterm <access using mobaxterm>`   text-based terminal  Windows
> :ref:`NoMachine <NX start guide>`           graphical desktop    Windows, Linux, MacOS
> :ref:`FileZilla <FileZilla>`                file transfer        Windows, Linux, MacOS
> =========================================== ==================== =====================

Reviewer: A suggestion for https://github.com/hpcleuven/VscDocumentation/pull/438#discussion_r1867364128:

```suggestion
.. _mfa-with-ssh-agent:

Connecting with an SSH agent
----------------------------

Using an SSH agent allows to store so-called SSH certificates which various
client programs (PuTTY, MobaXterm, NoMachine, FileZilla, WinSCP, ...)
can then use to authenticate.
Getting an SSH certificate involves MFA but this only needs to performed once
since a certificate can be used multiple times as long as it remains valid.

You can acquire such an SSH certificate as follows:

- Start up your SSH agent.
  Windows users are recommended to use :ref:`Pageant <using Pageant>`,
  while Linux and MacOS users can e.g. rely on :ref:`OpenSSH<SSH agent>`.

- Connect to either the cluster's login node or to ``firewall.vscentrum.be``
  with your terminal application of choice and with agent forwarding enabled.
  With e.g. OpenSSH you can do:

  .. code-block:: bash

     ssh -A vsc98765@login.hpc.kuleuven.be
     # or
     ssh -A vsc98765@firewall.vscentrum.be

  PuTTY users can find the agent forwarding option under the
  'Connection -> SSH -> Auth' tab.
  OpenSSH users may also automatically
  enable agent forwarding in their :ref:`SSH config file <ssh_config>`.

- You will then be shown a URL which you will need to open in a browser:

  .. _firewall_link_mfa:
  .. figure:: mfa_login/firewall_link_mfa.PNG
     :alt: firewall_link_mfa

  Note that when using PuTTY or MobaXterm, simply highlighting the link
  with your mouse will copy the URL to your clipboard.
  Avoid using 'CTRL-C', or it will send a ``SIGINT`` signal interrupting
  your process instead of performing a copy operation.

- From the drop-down menu, choose the institute you are affiliated with.
  Below, we show an example of a KU Leuven user, but one has to pick the
  institute he/she is affiliated with.

  .. figure:: mfa_login/vsc_firewall_institute.PNG
     :alt: Choose your institute

- You will be forwarded to the Identity Provider (IdP) of your institute,
  and you need to login in a usual way using your registered credentials.
  For KU Leuven users, the page looks like the following:

  .. _idp_page:
  .. figure:: mfa_login/idp_page.PNG
     :alt: idp_page

- If you are already connected to the internal network, then you will be only asked to
  identify yourself with the MFA authenticator app on your personal phone:

  .. _reauthenticate_phone:
  .. figure:: mfa_login/reauthenticate_phone.PNG
     :alt: reauthenticate_phone

  This step may not be necessary when connecting from a white-listed IP address,
  like the internal networks of the Flemish universities, using a static on-site
  IP as well as the institutional VPN.
  For example, if you have already logged upfront into your institution's network
  then you might not be required to log in again depending on your browser
  session settings (e.g., accepted cookies).

- Once you are successfully authenticated, you end up on a page telling you that your VSC 
  identity is confirmed.
  If you have already performed the previous login in that browser session, you will 
  immediately end up on this page:

  .. _firewall_confirmed:
  .. figure:: mfa_login/firewall_confirmed.PNG
     :alt: firewall_confirmed

- An SSH certificate will now be injected back into the agent.

That's it! You can continue doing your HPC work as usual.

The certificate can be used as long as the agent remains alive and the
certificate itself has not expired (they have a lifetime of 16 hours).
Do not forget to set up your client so that it contacts your SSH agent
when opening new connections (thereby making use of the certificates).
For a few common clients the corresponding documentation pages are listed
below.

=========================================== ==================== =====================
SSH Client name                             Purpose              Operating System
=========================================== ==================== =====================
:ref:`PuTTY <text mode access using PuTTY>` text-based terminal  Windows
:ref:`MobaXterm <access using mobaxterm>`   text-based terminal  Windows
:ref:`NoMachine <NX start guide>`           graphical desktop    Windows, Linux, MacOS
:ref:`FileZilla <FileZilla>`                file transfer        Windows, Linux, MacOS
=========================================== ==================== =====================

.. _mfa quick start:

Connecting without an SSH agent
-------------------------------

Most clients (such as PuTTY or MobaXterm) can also be made to work *without*
an :ref:`SSH agent <SSH agent>`. Keep in mind, however, that this approach
tends to be less convenient since each new connection will require multi-factor
authentication.

Certain clients (such as :ref:`FileZilla <FileZilla>`, ``sshfs`` or
:ref:`NoMachine <NX start guide>`) furthermore do not show you the firewall
link needed for the MFA and hence can only function in combination with an SSH
agent holding an SSH certificate.

This being said, the agentless procedure runs as follows:

- Connect to a :ref:`Tier-2 login node <tier2_login_nodes>`
  using your chosen client application (e.g. MobaXterm).

- The application is then supposed to show the link to complete the MFA procedure
  (similar to the the previous section).

- After passing the MFA challenge, you should now be connected to a login node.
  In plain SSH connections a successful login is rewarded with a welcome message:

   .. _login_node:
   .. figure:: mfa_login/login_node.PNG
      :alt: login_node
```

In this page, we explain how to login to the
:ref:`KU Leuven Open OnDemand portal <ood_t2_leuven>`, and how to use SSH clients
(such as PuTTY, terminal etc) with and without using an SSH agent.

.. note::

   When connecting from abroad, you first need to login via the
   `VSC firewall page <https://firewall.vscentrum.be>`_.

Login to Open OnDemand
----------------------

Users from all VSC sites can access the Open OnDemand portal at KU Leuven site.
For that, proceed to the :ref:`Open OnDemand portal <ood_t2_leuven>`.
If you are affiliated with KU Leuven, click on the KU Leuven logo.
Otherwise, click on the VSC logo to choose your institute.
You will be then forwarded to the Identity Provider (IdP) of your institute to
complete the authentication procedure.
Once that succeeds, you will automatically login to the Open OnDemand homepage.

.. _mfa quick start:

Connecting without an SSH agent
-------------------------------

Using SSH clients (such as PuTTY or terminal) is easier to setup *without*
an :ref:`SSH agent <SSH agent>`; however, on a long run, it involves repetitive authentication
which is not convenient.
Hence, we do not recommend this approach.

> But, if you opt for this approach, here are the steps to follow:

Reviewer 2: plz make a suggestion

> But, if you opt for this approach, here are the steps to follow:

Reviewer: I've now made a suggestion in https://github.com/hpcleuven/VscDocumentation/pull/438#discussion_r1873449530 and we can follow this up there

     :alt: reauthenticate_phone

  This step may not be necessary when connecting from a white-listed IP address,
  like the internal networks of the Flemish universities, using a static on-site
  IP as well as the institutional VPN.
  For example, if you have already logged upfront into your institution's network
  then you might not be required to log in again depending on your browser
  session settings (e.g., accepted cookies).

- Once you are successfully authenticated, you end up on a page telling you that your VSC 
  identity is confirmed.
  If you have already performed the previous login in that browser session, you will 
  immediately end up on this page:

  .. _firewall_confirmed:
  .. figure:: mfa_login/firewall_confirmed.PNG
     :alt: firewall_confirmed

- Go back to your browser, SSH client or terminal.
  You should now be connected to a login node on the cluster or to the OnDemand web portal,
  respectively.
  E.g. for a PuTTY session, a successful login is rewarded with
  a welcome message:

   .. _login_node:
   .. figure:: mfa_login/login_node.PNG
      :alt: login_node

That's it! You can continue doing your HPC work as usual.

.. note::

> 

Reviewer 3: do we need to specify this note in the documentation? I would pass this more on a need-to-kown basis. But maybe that's me being to prudent?

Reviewer 2: removed in ffe64e5

   For ``login.hpc.kuleuven.be`` only, a successful connection will whitelist
   your IP address for 90 days.
   Within that time frame, visiting the `VSC firewall page`_ might be optional.

.. _mfa-with-ssh-agent:

Connecting with an SSH agent
----------------------------

SSH agents can store so-called SSH certificates which various client programs
(PuTTY, MobaXterm, NoMachine, FileZilla, WinSCP, ...) can then use to
authenticate.
Getting an SSH certificate also involves MFA but this only needs
to performed once since a certificate can be used multiple times as long as it
remains valid.
Certain clients (such as :ref:`FileZilla <FileZilla>` or
:ref:`NoMachine <NX start guide>`) furthermore do not show you the firewall

> link needed for the MFA and hence can only function in combination with an SSH

Reviewer 3: can we also add sshfs here as a client ? In the old documentation there was a specific remark for sshfs. I think this is covered if we just list it here that this is a client that also needs a certificate in order to work.

Reviewer 2: Sure. done in ffe64e5

Multi Factor Authentication (MFA)
=================================

|KUL| Multi Factor Authentication (MFA) is an augmented level of security.
As the name suggests, MFA requires additional steps with human interventiono
when authenticating.
The sole purpose of MFA is to secure users' connections to the HPC facilities,
and keep unauthorised users behind the firewall.
MFA is mandatory for accessing KU Leuven infrastructures.
This document provides two methods to connect to the KU Leuven clusters with MFA.

The first method, *without* an :ref:`SSH agent <SSH agent>`, is easier to get started with,
but requires some repetitive steps with each connection, hence inconvenient on a long run.

The second method, which incorporates an :ref:`SSH agent <SSH agent>`,
initially requires extra steps for a one-time setup; but, this approach is more convenient in
a long run, because user intervention is no longer needed per every connection (via terminal,
SSH client, :ref:`Open OnDemand <ood_t2_leuven>`, or GUIs).

Below, we elaborate on these two approaches depending on whehter or not a user
has configured an :ref:`SSH agent <SSH agent>`.

.. note::

>    The firewall authentication is **mandatory** when you are connecting from abroad.

Reviewer 2: this has moved now up to the `authentication.rst` page.

.. _mfa quick start:

Getting started
---------------

> First of all, choose whether you want to login to the `VSC firewall page`_,

Reviewer 2: I understand your comment. But, this line invites users to decide what they want to do (and hence the three tabs below it):
- they either want to issue a certificate to inject into their agent when using e.g. NoMachine. In that case, as the relevant NX page explains, they have to choose to login via the firewall page beforehand.
- or they want to directly login to the cluster (via PuTTY/Moba/terminal)

If this sentence and the three tabs below it are viewed from this point of view, then they can sit besides one another on this page. But, feel free plz to propose a better text and tabs if necessary.

   .. _login_node:
   .. figure:: mfa_login/login_node.PNG
      :alt: login_node

That's it! You can continue doing your HPC work as usual.

.. note::

   For ``login.hpc.kuleuven.be`` only, a successful connection will whitelist
   your IP address for 90 days.
   Within that time frame, visiting the `VSC firewall page`_ might be optional.

Using apps with SSH connections in the background
-------------------------------------------------

It is a common practice that Windows/Linux/MacOS users use different SSH clients
or GUI apps in order to interact with the HPC infrastructures.
However, not all SSH clients prompt you the firewall link.
Examples of such are :ref:`FileZilla <FileZilla>` or :ref:`NoMachine <NX start guide>`.
Now, you have few possibilities:

- For some apps it is possible to first connect to the cluster (e.g. in text-based terminal)
  as described above, and keep that connection open;
  once you launch the app, the authentication succeeds automatically.

- Another method is surfing directly to the `VSC firewall page <https://firewall.vscentrum.be>`_ 
  while the connection is pending.
  Once you are asked: 'Are you trying to log in from <IP address>? YES / NO',

>   click 'YES'. This works for FileZilla, and some versions of NoMachine.

Reviewer 2: I understand the confusion given the following wording. However, 
- I updated the section title to 'Connecting with SSH agent' to complement the title of the previous section
- I changed the first bullet point to this:
"- For using some apps (such as NoMachine and FileZilla), it is possible to first connect to
  the cluster using PuTTY or terminal.
  Once your terminal connection succeeds, your :ref:`SSH agent <SSH agent>` will hold your
  SSH certificate.
  Eventually, the certificate is used by NoMachine or FileZilla to complete the authentication."
  
I hope this is clear now.

  SSH clients can be configured to work seamlessly with an agent.
  
Below, we provide a brief listing of few SSH clients.
Please refer to the documentation page for each app for a correct setup of your
SSH agent with the provided link.

=========================================== ==================== =====================
SSH Client name                             Purpose              Operating System
=========================================== ==================== =====================
:ref:`PuTTY <text mode access using PuTTY>` text-based terminal  Windows
:ref:`MobaXterm <access using mobaxterm>`   text-based terminal  Windows
:ref:`NoMachine <NX start guide>`           graphical desktop    Windows, Linux, MacOS
:ref:`FileZilla <FileZilla>`                file transfer        Windows, Linux, MacOS
=========================================== ==================== =====================

Setting up an SSH agent for MFA
-------------------------------

The standard login method will prompt you the MFA URL every time you try to connect to the
:ref:`login nodes <tier2_login_nodes>`. 
While this can be cumbersome, setting up an SSH agent and generating an SSH certificate will

> avoid all this.

Reviewer 2: Agreed. See b388b15

local operating system.
For detailed information, please refer to :ref:`setting up your SSH agent for Linux and MacOS <SSH agent>`.

Before using your agent, it is best to verify the state of your agent:

- Open a terminal

- Verify if your agent is running with ``ssh-add -l``. 
  If it is not running you will get the following error: 
  ``Could not open a connection to your authentication agent``

- If this is the case, start your agent with ``eval $(ssh-agent)``

- You now need to create or adapt a profile for the cluster in your
  ~/.shh/config file.
  If you notice you do not have this file yet, create it
  with the following command, you should adapt the permissions as well::

     touch ~/.ssh/config
     chmod 600 ~/.ssh/config
   
- Open your ``~/.ssh/config`` with a text editor, and make sure it looks like this::

     Host login.hpc.kuleuven.be
       ForwardAgent yes
       PubkeyAuthentication yes
       ChallengeResponseAuthentication yes
       PreferredAuthentications publickey,keyboard-interactive
        
- You can now ``ssh`` to the cluster.
  The agent will automatically store your certificate, and he keeps it

>   as long as he stays alive (in the background).

Reviewer 2: What about f01a9cf?

>   as long as he stays alive (in the background).

Reviewer: (got taken care of by other commits)

  'text-based terminal' part of the previous section).

- An SSH certificate will now be injected back into the agent.

The certificate can be used as long as the agent remains alive and the
certificate itself has not expired (they have a lifetime of 16 hours).
Do not forget to set up your client so that it contacts your SSH agent
when opening new connections (thereby making use of the certificates).
For a few common clients the corresponding documentation pages are listed
below.

=========================================== ==================== =====================
SSH Client name                             Purpose              Operating System
=========================================== ==================== =====================
:ref:`PuTTY <text mode access using PuTTY>` text-based terminal  Windows
:ref:`MobaXterm <access using mobaxterm>`   text-based terminal  Windows
:ref:`NoMachine <NX start guide>`           graphical desktop    Windows, Linux, MacOS
:ref:`FileZilla <FileZilla>`                file transfer        Windows, Linux, MacOS
=========================================== ==================== =====================

> Setting up an SSH agent for MFA
> -------------------------------
> 
> The setup for your SSH agent depends on the choice of the operating system on your local machine,
> and that falls under either of the following two categories:
> 
> -	Windows machines
> -	Linux or macOS machines 
> 
> Windows machines
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
> 
> Windows users are recommended to use Pageant as an SSH agent.
> For detailed information, please refer to the dedicated page about 
> :ref:`Using Pageant <using Pageant>`. 
> 
> Linux and Mac machines
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
> 
> On Linux and MacOS it is common to use OpenSSH, which is commonly integrated in the
> local operating system.
> For detailed information, please refer to :ref:`setting up your SSH agent for Linux and MacOS <SSH agent>`.
> Below, we provide recommendations on incorporating MFA in your new or existing SSH setup.
> 
> - Before using your agent, it is best to verify the state of your agent.
>   Open a terminal. Verify if your agent is running with ``ssh-add -l``. 
>   If it is not running you will get the following error: 
>   ``Could not open a connection to your authentication agent``
> 
>   If this is the case, start your agent with ``eval $(ssh-agent)``
> 
> - You now need to create or adapt a profile for the cluster in your
>   ~/.shh/config file.
>   If you notice you do not have this file yet, create it
>   with the following command, you should adapt the permissions as well::
> 
>      touch ~/.ssh/config
>      chmod 600 ~/.ssh/config
>    
> - Open your ``~/.ssh/config`` with a text editor, and make sure it looks like this::
> 
>      Host login.hpc.kuleuven.be
>        ForwardAgent yes
>        PubkeyAuthentication yes
>        ChallengeResponseAuthentication yes
>        PreferredAuthentications publickey,keyboard-interactive
>         
> - You can now ``ssh`` to the cluster.
>   Upon the first successful connection, a so-called SSH certificate will be
>   produced and injected back into the SSH agent.
>   The SSH agent keeps the certificate while it runs silently in the background.
>   Bear in mind that the certificates are valid for maximum 16 hours.

Reviewer: All of this can now be removed (as originally suggested in https://github.com/hpcleuven/VscDocumentation/pull/438#discussion_r1856930233):
```suggestion
```

Multi Factor Authentication (MFA)
=================================

|KUL| Multi Factor Authentication (MFA) is an augmented level of security.
As the name suggests, MFA requires additional steps with human intervention
when authenticating.
MFA is mandatory for accessing KU Leuven infrastructures.

> This document provides two methods to connect to the KU Leuven clusters with MFA.

Reviewer 2: done

The first method, *without* an :ref:`SSH agent <SSH agent>`, is easier to get started with,

> but requires some repetitive steps with each connection, hence inconvenient on a long run.

Reviewer 2: already modified in d71f23bf2. Plz take a new look.

The second method involves an :ref:`SSH agent <SSH agent>` and requires a few more
steps to set up. This approach is however more convenient in the long run because
a single authentication will suffice for multiple connections throughout the day,
without further intervention.

Below, we elaborate on these two approaches.

.. note::

> 

Reviewer 3: This note is valid for all sites, independent from our MFA setup. So it would make sence to add this one level higher, on the general authentication page.

Reviewer 2: Done in d71f23b

   When connecting from abroad, you first need to login via the `VSC firewall page`_.

.. _mfa quick start:

Connecting without an SSH agent
-------------------------------

First of all, choose whether you want to login to the `VSC firewall page`_,
:ref:`Open OnDemand portal <ood_t2_leuven>`, or to the :ref:`Tier-2 login <tier2_login_nodes>`
page using a text-based terminal (such as PuTTY or MobaXterm).

.. tab-set::

   .. tab-item:: VSC firewall page

      Proceed to the `VSC firewall page`_ on your browser.

   .. tab-item:: Open OnDemand

      Proceed to the :ref:`Open OnDemand portal <ood_t2_leuven>`.
      If you are affiliated with KU Leuven, click on the KU Leuven logo.
      Otherwise, click on the VSC logo to proceed to the authentication page.

> 

Reviewer 3: Also KU Leuven users can login through the VSC login. So I would suggest to let all users click on this logo.

Reviewer 2: I agree with you, but there is yet one more benefit in using the KUL logo for the KUL users. If in their browsers they already had logged in to internal KUL services and have already gone through MFA, then by clicking on the KUL logo, they immediately land on the ondemand page, and it saves them some extra/unnecessary clicks needed with the VSC logo.
So, I rather keep it as it is.

  For KU Leuven users, the page looks like the following:

  .. _idp_page:
  .. figure:: mfa_login/idp_page.PNG
     :alt: idp_page

- If you are already connected to the internal network, then you will be only asked to
  identify yourself with the MFA of your choice, e.g, via a code sent to your registered
  phone, or an authenticator app:

  .. _reauthenticate_phone:
  .. figure:: mfa_login/reauthenticate_phone.PNG
     :alt: reauthenticate_phone

- Once you are successfully authenticated, you end up on a page telling you that your VSC 
  identity is confirmed.
  If you have already performed the previous login in that browser session, you will 
  immediately end up on this page:

  .. _firewall_confirmed:
  .. figure:: mfa_login/firewall_confirmed.PNG
     :alt: firewall_confirmed

  This step may not be necessary when connecting from a white-listed IP address,
  like the internal networks of the Flemish universities, using a static on-site
  IP as well as the insututional VPN.
  For example, if you have already logged upfront into your institution network
  then you might not be required to log in again depending on your browser

>   session settings (e.g., accepted cookies).

Reviewer 2: Does it already look better in 17e5f18?

- Before using your agent, it is best to verify the state of your agent.
  Open a terminal. Verify if your agent is running with ``ssh-add -l``. 
  If it is not running you will get the following error: 
  ``Could not open a connection to your authentication agent``

  If this is the case, start your agent with ``eval $(ssh-agent)``

- You now need to create or adapt a profile for the cluster in your
  ~/.shh/config file.
  If you notice you do not have this file yet, create it
  with the following command, you should adapt the permissions as well::

     touch ~/.ssh/config
     chmod 600 ~/.ssh/config
   
- Open your ``~/.ssh/config`` with a text editor, and make sure it looks like this::

     Host login.hpc.kuleuven.be
       ForwardAgent yes
       PubkeyAuthentication yes
       ChallengeResponseAuthentication yes
       PreferredAuthentications publickey,keyboard-interactive
        
- You can now ``ssh`` to the cluster.
  Upon the first successful connection, a so-called SSH certificate will be
  produced and injected back into the SSH agent.
  The SSH agent keeps the certificate while it runs silently in the background.

>   Bear in mind that the certificates are valid for maximum 16 hours.

Reviewer 2: thanks for the suggestion. I added it in b499c56

>   Bear in mind that the certificates are valid for maximum 16 hours.

Reviewer: It looks like only part of my suggestion got applied -- as you can see above, that suggestion also involves removing the `Setting up an SSH agent for MFA` subsection (as that info is now already covered in the 'main' `Connecting with an SSH agent` section), but that hasn't happened yet.

>   Bear in mind that the certificates are valid for maximum 16 hours.

Reviewer 2: see our priv. comm.

>   Bear in mind that the certificates are valid for maximum 16 hours.

Reviewer: see new comment https://github.com/hpcleuven/VscDocumentation/pull/438/files#r1865557293
